Total tests passed: 16/70
testContainsAbsentKey(eg.edu.alexu.csd.filestructure.redblacktree.UnitTest): Fail contains a key in the tree
			Error: java.lang.NullPointerException
				eg.edu.alexu.csd.filestructure.redblacktree.RBTree.insertFixup(): Line 127
				eg.edu.alexu.csd.filestructure.redblacktree.RBTree.insert(): Line 77
testGetElementInTreemap(eg.edu.alexu.csd.filestructure.redblacktree.UnitTest): Fail in get element from treemap
			Error: java.lang.AssertionError: expected:<8112> but was:<null>
testDeleteAbsentElementsInTree(eg.edu.alexu.csd.filestructure.redblacktree.UnitTest): Fail to handle deletion
			Error: java.lang.NullPointerException
				eg.edu.alexu.csd.filestructure.redblacktree.RBTree.insertFixup(): Line 127
				eg.edu.alexu.csd.filestructure.redblacktree.RBTree.insert(): Line 77
testfloorEntryWithNull(eg.edu.alexu.csd.filestructure.redblacktree.UnitTest): Fail to handle floorEntry with null parameter
			Error: java.lang.AssertionError
testputAll(eg.edu.alexu.csd.filestructure.redblacktree.UnitTest): Fail in putAll
			Error: java.lang.AssertionError: expected:<635> but was:<0>
testLastEntry(eg.edu.alexu.csd.filestructure.redblacktree.UnitTest): Fail in lastEntry
			Error: java.lang.AssertionError: expected:<5=soso5> but was:<null>
testStressContains(eg.edu.alexu.csd.filestructure.redblacktree.UnitTest): Fail contains a key in the tree
			Error: java.lang.NullPointerException
				eg.edu.alexu.csd.filestructure.redblacktree.RBTree.insertFixup(): Line 127
				eg.edu.alexu.csd.filestructure.redblacktree.RBTree.insert(): Line 77
testContanisValueNormal(eg.edu.alexu.csd.filestructure.redblacktree.UnitTest): Fail in containsValue
			Error: java.lang.AssertionError
testpollFirstEntry(eg.edu.alexu.csd.filestructure.redblacktree.UnitTest): Fail in pollFirstEntry
			Error: java.lang.AssertionError: expected:<5=soso5> but was:<null>
testEntrySet(eg.edu.alexu.csd.filestructure.redblacktree.UnitTest): Fail in entrySet
			Error: java.lang.NullPointerException
testputWithNullValue(eg.edu.alexu.csd.filestructure.redblacktree.UnitTest): Fail in handle put with null parameter
			Error: java.lang.AssertionError
testUpdateValue(eg.edu.alexu.csd.filestructure.redblacktree.UnitTest): Fail to insert a key in the tree
			Error: java.lang.NullPointerException
				eg.edu.alexu.csd.filestructure.redblacktree.RBTree.insertFixup(): Line 127
				eg.edu.alexu.csd.filestructure.redblacktree.RBTree.insert(): Line 77
testCeilingEntryWithNull(eg.edu.alexu.csd.filestructure.redblacktree.UnitTest): Fail to handle ceiling with null parameter
			Error: java.lang.AssertionError
testpollLastEntry(eg.edu.alexu.csd.filestructure.redblacktree.UnitTest): Fail in pollLastEntry
			Error: java.lang.AssertionError: expected:<5=soso5> but was:<null>
testputAllWithNullValue(eg.edu.alexu.csd.filestructure.redblacktree.UnitTest): Fail in handle putAll with null parameter
			Error: java.lang.AssertionError
testInsertionWithNullKey(eg.edu.alexu.csd.filestructure.redblacktree.UnitTest): Fail to handle search with null parameter
			Error: java.lang.NullPointerException
				eg.edu.alexu.csd.filestructure.redblacktree.RBTree.insertFixup(): Line 127
				eg.edu.alexu.csd.filestructure.redblacktree.RBTree.insert(): Line 77
testFirstEntry(eg.edu.alexu.csd.filestructure.redblacktree.UnitTest): Fail in firstEntry
			Error: java.lang.AssertionError: expected:<5=soso5> but was:<null>
testNormalInsertion(eg.edu.alexu.csd.filestructure.redblacktree.UnitTest): Fail to insert a key in the tree
			Error: java.lang.NullPointerException
				eg.edu.alexu.csd.filestructure.redblacktree.RBTree.insertFixup(): Line 127
				eg.edu.alexu.csd.filestructure.redblacktree.RBTree.insert(): Line 77
testClearTree(eg.edu.alexu.csd.filestructure.redblacktree.UnitTest): Fail to clear the tree
			Error: java.lang.NullPointerException
				eg.edu.alexu.csd.filestructure.redblacktree.RBTree.insertFixup(): Line 127
				eg.edu.alexu.csd.filestructure.redblacktree.RBTree.insert(): Line 77
testContanisValueWithNullparameter(eg.edu.alexu.csd.filestructure.redblacktree.UnitTest): Fail in containsValue with null parameter
			Error: java.lang.AssertionError
testCeilingKey1(eg.edu.alexu.csd.filestructure.redblacktree.UnitTest): Fail in ceiling entry
			Error: java.lang.NullPointerException
testCeilingKey2(eg.edu.alexu.csd.filestructure.redblacktree.UnitTest): Fail in ceiling key
			Error: java.lang.NullPointerException
testLastKey(eg.edu.alexu.csd.filestructure.redblacktree.UnitTest): Fail in lastKey
			Error: java.lang.AssertionError: expected:<5> but was:<null>
testDeleteWhileInsertingInTree(eg.edu.alexu.csd.filestructure.redblacktree.UnitTest): Fail to handle deletion
			Error: java.lang.NullPointerException
				eg.edu.alexu.csd.filestructure.redblacktree.RBTree.insertFixup(): Line 127
				eg.edu.alexu.csd.filestructure.redblacktree.RBTree.insert(): Line 77
testSearchAbsentKey(eg.edu.alexu.csd.filestructure.redblacktree.UnitTest): Fail to search for a key in the tree
			Error: java.lang.NullPointerException
				eg.edu.alexu.csd.filestructure.redblacktree.RBTree.insertFixup(): Line 127
				eg.edu.alexu.csd.filestructure.redblacktree.RBTree.insert(): Line 77
testCeilingKeyWithNull(eg.edu.alexu.csd.filestructure.redblacktree.UnitTest): Fail to handle ceiling with null parameter
			Error: java.lang.AssertionError
testGetElementInTreemapWithNullParamerter(eg.edu.alexu.csd.filestructure.redblacktree.UnitTest): Fail to handle get with null parameter
			Error: java.lang.AssertionError
testSearchWithNull(eg.edu.alexu.csd.filestructure.redblacktree.UnitTest): Fail to handle search with null parameter
			Error: java.lang.NullPointerException
				eg.edu.alexu.csd.filestructure.redblacktree.RBTree.insertFixup(): Line 127
				eg.edu.alexu.csd.filestructure.redblacktree.RBTree.insert(): Line 77
testNormalContains(eg.edu.alexu.csd.filestructure.redblacktree.UnitTest): Fail contains a key in the tree
			Error: java.lang.NullPointerException
				eg.edu.alexu.csd.filestructure.redblacktree.RBTree.insertFixup(): Line 127
				eg.edu.alexu.csd.filestructure.redblacktree.RBTree.insert(): Line 77
testRemoveNoraml(eg.edu.alexu.csd.filestructure.redblacktree.UnitTest): Fail in remove
			Error: java.lang.AssertionError
testDeleteWithNull(eg.edu.alexu.csd.filestructure.redblacktree.UnitTest): Fail to handle deletion with null parameter
			Error: java.lang.NullPointerException
				eg.edu.alexu.csd.filestructure.redblacktree.RBTree.delete(): Line 171
testInsertionWithNullValue(eg.edu.alexu.csd.filestructure.redblacktree.UnitTest): Fail to handle search with null parameter
			Error: java.lang.NullPointerException
				eg.edu.alexu.csd.filestructure.redblacktree.RBTree.insertFixup(): Line 127
				eg.edu.alexu.csd.filestructure.redblacktree.RBTree.insert(): Line 77
testFirstKey(eg.edu.alexu.csd.filestructure.redblacktree.UnitTest): Fail in firstKey
			Error: java.lang.AssertionError: expected:<5> but was:<null>
testCeilingEntry1(eg.edu.alexu.csd.filestructure.redblacktree.UnitTest): Fail in ceiling entry
			Error: java.lang.NullPointerException
testCeilingEntry2(eg.edu.alexu.csd.filestructure.redblacktree.UnitTest): Fail in ceiling entry
			Error: java.lang.NullPointerException
testHeadMap(eg.edu.alexu.csd.filestructure.redblacktree.UnitTest): Fail in headMap
			Error: java.lang.NullPointerException
testContaninKeyNormal(eg.edu.alexu.csd.filestructure.redblacktree.UnitTest): Fail in containsKey
			Error: java.lang.AssertionError
testfloorEntry1(eg.edu.alexu.csd.filestructure.redblacktree.UnitTest): Fail in floorEntry
			Error: java.lang.NullPointerException
testfloorEntry2(eg.edu.alexu.csd.filestructure.redblacktree.UnitTest): Fail in floor entry
			Error: java.lang.NullPointerException
testNormalSearch(eg.edu.alexu.csd.filestructure.redblacktree.UnitTest): Fail to search for a key in the tree
			Error: java.lang.NullPointerException
				eg.edu.alexu.csd.filestructure.redblacktree.RBTree.insertFixup(): Line 127
				eg.edu.alexu.csd.filestructure.redblacktree.RBTree.insert(): Line 77
testfloorKey1(eg.edu.alexu.csd.filestructure.redblacktree.UnitTest): Fail in floorKey
			Error: java.lang.NullPointerException
testfloorKey2(eg.edu.alexu.csd.filestructure.redblacktree.UnitTest): Fail in floor key
			Error: java.lang.NullPointerException
testHeadMapInclusive(eg.edu.alexu.csd.filestructure.redblacktree.UnitTest): Fail in headMap
			Error: java.lang.NullPointerException
testContaninKeyWithNullparameter(eg.edu.alexu.csd.filestructure.redblacktree.UnitTest): Fail in handle containsKey with null parameter
			Error: java.lang.AssertionError
testKeySet(eg.edu.alexu.csd.filestructure.redblacktree.UnitTest): Fail in Keyset
			Error: java.lang.NullPointerException
testStressDelete(eg.edu.alexu.csd.filestructure.redblacktree.UnitTest): Fail to handle deletion
			Error: java.lang.NullPointerException
				eg.edu.alexu.csd.filestructure.redblacktree.RBTree.insertFixup(): Line 127
				eg.edu.alexu.csd.filestructure.redblacktree.RBTree.insert(): Line 77
testputWithNullKey(eg.edu.alexu.csd.filestructure.redblacktree.UnitTest): Fail in handle put with null parameter
			Error: java.lang.AssertionError
testNormalInsertionWithRandomData(eg.edu.alexu.csd.filestructure.redblacktree.UnitTest): Fail to insert a key in the tree
			Error: java.lang.AssertionError
testfloorKeyWithNull(eg.edu.alexu.csd.filestructure.redblacktree.UnitTest): Fail to handle floorKey with null parameter
			Error: java.lang.AssertionError
testDeleteAllElementsInTree(eg.edu.alexu.csd.filestructure.redblacktree.UnitTest): Fail to handle deletion
			Error: java.lang.NullPointerException
				eg.edu.alexu.csd.filestructure.redblacktree.RBTree.insertFixup(): Line 127
				eg.edu.alexu.csd.filestructure.redblacktree.RBTree.insert(): Line 77
testValues(eg.edu.alexu.csd.filestructure.redblacktree.UnitTest): Fail in getting values
			Error: java.lang.NullPointerException
testContainsWithNull(eg.edu.alexu.csd.filestructure.redblacktree.UnitTest): Fail to handle contains with null parameter
			Error: java.lang.NullPointerException
				eg.edu.alexu.csd.filestructure.redblacktree.RBTree.insertFixup(): Line 127
				eg.edu.alexu.csd.filestructure.redblacktree.RBTree.insert(): Line 77
testDeleteRandomElementsInTree(eg.edu.alexu.csd.filestructure.redblacktree.UnitTest): Fail to handle deletion
			Error: java.lang.NullPointerException
				eg.edu.alexu.csd.filestructure.redblacktree.RBTree.insertFixup(): Line 127
				eg.edu.alexu.csd.filestructure.redblacktree.RBTree.insert(): Line 77
testStressSearch(eg.edu.alexu.csd.filestructure.redblacktree.UnitTest): Fail to search for a key in the tree
			Error: java.lang.NullPointerException
				eg.edu.alexu.csd.filestructure.redblacktree.RBTree.insertFixup(): Line 127
				eg.edu.alexu.csd.filestructure.redblacktree.RBTree.insert(): Line 77
